---
title: "DHRIFT will present at the ADHO 2024 conference"
date: 2024-05-27
description: "Join us August 6th at DH 2024: Reinvention and Responsibility!"
---

The DHRIFT team is excited to announce that we will be running a workshop at the Alliance of Digital Humanities Organizations (ADHO) 2024 conference in Arlington, VA. The conference, which is held both in-person and remotely, will take place from August 6-9, 2024. Our workshop, titled “Building Interactive Digital Humanities Workshops with DHRIFT,” will take place on June 6th from 8:30am-12:00pm.

During this workshop, participants will learn about the DHRIFT platform, its directory of available workshops, interactive features, and pedagogical philosophy. Attendees will learn to build their own DHRIFT website for a mock institute, including modifying and customizing existing DHRIFT content. By creating DHRIFT sites, participants will learn about DHRIFT’s underlying technologies: how workshop markdown files are created, ingested, and displayed, how they are stored and processed through GitHub actions, and how institute leaders can use the wizard to build an institute based on their community’s needs. Specific activities will include examining a sample workshop’s markdown file, identifying encoding specific to DHRIFT’s interactive features, and producing a sample workshop. By the time participants complete the workshop, they will have set up a GitHub repository and development environment on their laptop and have learned how to pull, push, and rebuild a sample DHRIFT workshop site.

Final workshop activities will cover how to submit a workshop to DHRIFT Core to be included in our directory of workshops. Workshop leaders will demonstrate the process to submit a proposed workshop to DHRIFT Core, review the criteria for inclusion, and discuss the submission agreement documents and terms of use. If time allows, interested participants will clone DHRIFT and learn how to contribute to our open source development community.

To register for the workshop, please visit the [ADHO 2024 conference website](https://dh2024.adho.org/). We look forward to seeing you there!